Let me introduce you first
This is my best friend Song Shen
How are you doing with your husband?
Hello, Mr. Shen.
Okay, now you have met the person.
Don't worry.
Don't worry, let's sit first
That Mr. Shen has a lot of ideas for people like you
I mean very stable and safe
Be clear because it's you who made me reserved
Then you can do it yourself
Let's go back to work first, let's go
Hey, Kobayashi
Don't forget to know about the class reunion tomorrow.
Kobayashi hopes you never remember
Three years ago
Just stay happy like this
But
Why does Mr. Shen look familiar?
Have I seen it somewhere?
According to the latest reports
Shen, president of Imperial Group, has reached trillions today
Three multinational companies
God
The handsome guy who just left is Mr. Shen of the Imperial Group
When can I have a boyfriend like this?